GetRefs
Prompt-ID: GetRefs
Version: 1.9
Revision-Date: 2026-09-24
Status: CURRENT
Filename: NON-AUTHORITATIVE (Project may rename this file, e.g. GetRefs (3).txt)

AUTHORITATIVE PROMPT RESOLUTION
This section controls which GetRefs instructions are executed and is not superseded
by workflow updates later in this file.

- Whenever the user says "execute prompt GetRefs", first search the current Project
  sources for GetRefs prompt candidates and read their headers before beginning
  substantive execution. Treat the trigger as "resolve latest canonical GetRefs,
  reload it, confirm version, then execute it."
- Resolve the prompt by CONTENT METADATA, not by exact filename. A Project-renamed
  file such as GetRefs (3).txt is fully valid when its header contains:
      Prompt-ID: GetRefs
      Status: CURRENT
      Version: <version>
      Revision-Date: <date>
- Search candidates by both filename resemblance (for example GetRefs, GetRefs (3),
  or similar) and the internal marker "Prompt-ID: GetRefs". The internal Prompt-ID
  is authoritative; filename numbering, extensions, and upload collision suffixes
  do not determine which prompt is current.
- Among candidates with Prompt-ID: GetRefs and Status: CURRENT, select the highest
  semantic Version number. If Version numbers tie, select the latest Revision-Date.
  This allows older Project copies that still say CURRENT to coexist without causing
  the wrong version to execute.
- If two or more candidates share the same highest Version and Revision-Date but
  contain materially different instructions, stop and ask the user to resolve the
  ambiguity. If they are substantively identical duplicates, either may be used.
- Never select a file marked ARCHIVE, SUPERSEDED, or anything other than CURRENT
  unless the user explicitly promotes that copy for the present run.
- Do not execute GetRefs from memory, cached conversation context, prior run text,
  or an older versioned/archive copy when a CURRENT Project source is available.
- Prefer Project sources over conversation downloads or Library copies. A conversation
  attachment or other copy may replace the Project source only when the user explicitly
  identifies that copy as the new canonical prompt for the run.
- After resolving and loading the prompt, report the loaded version and revision date
  at the start of the run, for example: "Executing GetRefs v1.4, revised 2026-09-21."
- If no Prompt-ID: GetRefs file marked CURRENT can be found, search legacy GetRefs-like
  filenames for an older header and report that fallback explicitly. If precedence
  still cannot be established, stop and ask the user rather than silently guessing.
- When this canonical prompt is intentionally revised, increment Version, update
  Revision-Date as needed, retain Prompt-ID: GetRefs and Status: CURRENT, and keep
  older snapshots clearly marked or named as archival.

TRIGGER
When the user says "execute prompt GetRefs", execute this workflow for the
specified calculation. This is an instruction to perform the work, not merely
describe it. Optional invocation:
  Execute prompt GetRefs for [calculation filename], module [module name].
Use the current calculation/module if the conversation identifies it clearly.
If the target is ambiguous, ask which calculation and module(s) to process.
The authoritative prompt-resolution rules above must be completed on every run;
never skip resolving and reloading the latest CURRENT Prompt-ID: GetRefs source
because GetRefs was executed previously.


OBJECTIVE
Create or update individual one-page external reference PDFs in a single
References subfolder beside the calculation BPAD. Name each PDF by its actual
code provision or reference-section title, e.g. SDG 2.4.1.A.pdf.
Keep searchable/vector source content and highlights. Insert each PDF natively
without forced image dimensions. Provide editable BPAD usage notes and backlinks.
Link every in-scope citation, including headings and hidden sections, to its
matching native paragraph anchor. Deliver the BPAD and References folder together.

THIS VERSION SUPERSEDES THE SINGLE-PDF DISPLAY WORKFLOW
The three-page single-PDF prototype worked, but the user reported that the
31-page production insert displayed only nine pages and drifted against sidebars.
The user selected individual one-page PDFs on 2026-09-24. Do not return to a
single tall PDF display, embedded code-page PNGs, or absolute external paths.
Use exactly one reference module per calculation and one General References
catch-all module for references outside calculations and the overall index.
The user rejected one module per PDF page. Retain individual one-page external
PDFs, but group their native insertions and sidebars into calculation modules.
This is a portable folder-based package, not a self-contained BPAD.
Desktop Blockpad verification remains required.

1. ESTABLISH SCOPE AND PRESERVE LIVE CALCULATIONS
- Resolve this canonical prompt using the header rules above. Read the current
  BPAD_Ref source and relevant file/PDF workflows.
- Treat .bpad as XML. Use the latest user-authorized journal. Preserve its identity
  and version history; never replace a newer journal with an older working copy.
- Inventory selected calculations and their actual upstream/downstream references.
  Distinguish active calculations from archived, superseded, or unused reports.
- Preserve all formulas, capture/scope behavior, inputs, units, cached expression
  bodies/steps/results, live references, and unrelated schematics/resources.
  A reference update does not authorize changing engineering assumptions.
- Before removing an old reference module, check for live tables/equations inside
  it. Retain them in a suitable calculation location, preserve their dependencies,
  and update any namespace references if relocation would otherwise break them.
- Retain a baseline and a source-page/citation/destination map for validation.

2. RESOLVE SOURCES AND MAP CITATIONS
- Inspect headings, section titles, narrative, tables, equation explanations,
  existing links, and references visible in images. Do not stop at the first
  visible citation or exclude hidden sections.
- Obtain the actual accessible code/contract PDF pages. Read supplied local
  attachments directly where instructed. Prefer available project sources.
- Record code title, edition/interims, article/table/equation/figure, source PDF
  page, printed page, calculation report, current section, and actual variables.
- Distinguish the RFQ adoption rule and project amendments from the base code.
  Do not silently adopt a newer edition or reuse an old applicability statement.
- Check inherited usage notes against the current journal. Correct old calculation
  aliases, obsolete section names, and statements that a now-implemented check is
  absent. Do not repeat old numerical results as current project inputs.
- Preserve meaningful citation/input mismatches and QC qualifications as concise
  scope/review notes. Do not change the calculation to conceal them.
- A screenshot is not a verified source PDF. If that is the only material available,
  identify the limitation and seek the user's acceptance or missing source.
- Complete useful work with available sources; do not fabricate missing code text.

3. BUILD INDIVIDUAL SOURCE-PAGE PDFS
- Use each distinct source page once when the edition and content are identical.
  Consolidate highlights and backlinks when several calculations use that page.
- Each PDF must contain exactly one physical page. Preserve source text, vectors,
  original images, printed page numbers, edition identifiers, tables, footnotes,
  copyright notices, and surrounding code context.
- Preserve existing verified highlights; avoid duplicate dark highlights.
  Baked vector highlight appearances are allowed when needed for reliable display.
  Do not rasterize source pages to achieve insertion or split them into screenshots.
- Put every excerpt PDF in References beside the BPAD. Derive filenames from the
  reference-section title. Replace Windows-invalid filename characters with words
  or hyphens. Include distinguishing provision/table labels and, when necessary,
  edition or printed-page suffixes to prevent collisions. Do not use generic
  Page01 filenames or overwrite a different source page with a matching title.
- Ordinary letter pages are 612 x 792 PDF points. Preserve source scale and pad
  shorter pages where appropriate; use matching report geometry for other sizes.
- Keep the native BPAD reference index and source-page-to-filename mapping current.

4. USE RELATIVE PATHS AND GROUP REFERENCE MODULES BY CALCULATION
- Keep one xref per external one-page PDF, e.g.:
  <xref name="ReferencePDF03" path="References\SDG 2.4.1.A.pdf"/>
- Use folder-plus-filename paths relative to the BPAD; no absolute drive paths.
- Create exactly one reference report per calculation (e.g. CodeReferencesC001)
  and one catch-all report (CodeReferencesGeneral) for references used outside
  the calculations, unassigned references, and the overall reference index.
- Do NOT create one top-level report/module per PDF page. Use named sections
  within the appropriate calculation reference report for the individual pages.
- Assign pages from actual incoming citations and validated backlink usage.
  Shared pages appear in every applicable calculation module, but reuse the
  same external PDF/xref. Do not duplicate PDF files or embed their bytes.
- References used in non-calculation modules belong in the catch-all even if
  also used in a calculation. All pages must have a discoverable destination.
- Preserve native image insertion without width/height. Use a separate bounded
  PDF display rectangle for each page; never one tall multipage PDF insertion.
- For letter excerpts use a 12.5 x 11 inch report (pagesize="1200,1056"), zero
  margins, unit="in", collapsemargins="False". Each floating PDF rectangle is
  8.5 inches wide and 11 inches high. Place it at its assigned report-page origin
  (y = 11 times the zero-based page index). Its textbox has a native image source
  pointing to the one-page PDF, with no explicit image dimensions.
- Use the PAGE-BREAK FORMAT FROM THE USER-CORRECTED C003 reference report.
  The authoritative example is the C003 - References module in the uploaded
  D2_I95_Project_Journal_Reference_Page_Breaks(1).bpad, confirmed by the user.
  Put this exact report-local style rule before the float/section content in
  EVERY calculation-reference and General-reference report:

  <stylerule applytoall="True" type="AnySection" pagebreakafter="break"/>

- This rule applies Page Break After to each complete sidebar section. Keep it
  LOCAL to reference reports; do not add it at document level or to calculation
  reports, whose explanatory sections have different pagination requirements.
- Preserve lowercase pagebreakafter="break" as saved in the working example.
  Do not substitute the earlier unverified capitalized value "Break". When
  migrating prior reference modules, change their existing before/after break
  values from "Break" to "break" to match the user-corrected template exactly.
- Keep the template's existing module-level separator paragraph between sections:
  <paragraph fontfamily="Times New Roman" fontsize="1" spacingbefore="0"
             spacingafter="0" pagebreakafter="break">&#160;</paragraph>
  Do not rely on these separators alone: the failed v1.8 revision omitted the
  AnySection rule. Preserve BOTH elements of the user-confirmed arrangement.
- Do not remove or optimize away settings in a user-confirmed working template
  merely because they appear redundant. Preserve incidental user edits in that
  template module. Copy only the relevant pagination rule/settings elsewhere.
- Keep one normal-flow named sidebar section per excerpt, existing unique anchor
  IDs, paragraph links, PDF positions, and one-page PDF inserts unchanged.
  The General index remains before its first reference, with its existing break
  separator changed to the same lowercase value.
- When a supplied example works, compare its actual XML and copy the relevant
  settings instead of inferring them from UI labels or earlier guessed syntax.
  Record what was user-confirmed versus what was checked only by XML inspection.
  Check dense sidebars/index fit and full-set native pagination when available.
- Remove old per-page modules and retarget all citations, related references,
  backlinks, index entries, and self-links. Preserve unrelated journal content.

5. AUTHOR EDITABLE SIDEBARS AND UNIQUE NORMAL-FLOW ANCHORS
- Keep the approved native sidebar styling and actual calculation use notes,
  code edition/printed/source pages, scope qualifications and return links.
- Anchor paragraphs stay in ordinary report flow, never floating textboxes.
- Use Times New Roman, normally size 11 body and size 10 metadata/backlinks;
  keep the green anchor and light heading backgrounds. For the geometry above,
  sidebar leftindent="8.65 in" and rightindent="0.25 in".
- When a shared excerpt appears in multiple reports, assign distinct paragraph
  IDs to each copy. Route each calculation's citations to its own reference
  module. Related-code links prefer the current module when the target exists
  there; otherwise link to an actual target in another applicable module.
- Keep all useful cross-calculation backlinks. Do not freeze computed project
  results into usage notes or alter engineering assumptions during this work.
- Do not use estimated transparent spacers or keep-with-next chains to align
  the complete document. Check each page's independent PDF placement against
  its sidebar and account for any overflow before claiming native alignment.

6. LINK EVERY IN-SCOPE REFERENCE, INCLUDING SECTIONS
- Use the user-verified native same-file paragraph-link address:

  #CodeReferencesC004.CodePage02;paragraphprojectcoderef02C004

- Convert the citation text itself into a link, including citations in section
  headings, strategy/design-basis text, tables and hidden equation notes.
  Preserve text, equations, formatting and semantic meaning.
- Separate compound citations where the provisions are on different pages;
  for example, give Tables 3.4.1-1 and 3.4.1-2 their own correct destinations.
- Distinguish Table versus Equation numbers, suffixes, article letters and
  commentary. Never truncate a citation at a hyphen or guess by numeric similarity.
- Replace obsolete general website links with the available source-page anchor.
  Retain unrelated external links outside the update scope.
- Use complete report/section paths and paragraph IDs for backlinks as well.
  If an equation explanation is hidden, prefer a visible associated heading or
  execution-step paragraph as the return destination.
- Preserve existing IDs where practical. When consolidating modules, rewrite
  every affected link and check actual destinations; do not leave orphan aliases.

7. VALIDATE AND DELIVER
- Parse the final XML. Resolve every changed link to the actual report, named
  section chain, and paragraph ID. Verify unique IDs and all sidebar backlinks.
- Confirm every reference report has the exact local AnySection rule above and
  lowercase break values. Compare the user-corrected C003 module with the output
  to confirm it was preserved, including existing separators and personal edits.
- Confirm every reference xref resolves to References plus a valid PDF filename,
  every PDF has exactly one page, and each applicable module has one native insertion of each of its reference pages.
- Ensure no PDF image has forced dimensions, no giant shared PDF container remains,
  and no code-page raster resources or obsolete reference paths remain.
- Compare formulas, inputs, expression/cache payloads, units, and unrelated
  report content/resources with the baseline. Changes to references must not
  change engineering calculations.
- Compare split PDF text and rendered appearance to the verified source pages.
  Inspect representative pages, including dense tables, highlights, and the last.
- Package the BPAD at the ZIP root with References as a child folder, plus these
  updated instructions and a short extraction/read-me file. Extract to a fresh
  folder; verify all relative paths and compare extracted bytes with the outputs.
  Use a standard ZIP and check its central directory and CRCs after saving.
- If Blockpad is available, verify all excerpts, native zoom quality, sidebar fit,
  citation navigation, backlinks, and print/export. Otherwise explicitly state
  that XML/PDF checks do not establish desktop Blockpad rendering behavior.
- Preserve existing Library identities for the revised journal, instructions,
  and package. The package retains all individual PDFs together; do not require
  the user to download or organize 31 loose files individually.
- Report unrelated inherited broken links separately; do not invent targets.

EXPECTED RESULT
The BPAD and its References subfolder move together without path edits. All
in-scope citations lead to the matching individual excerpt and editable usage
sidebar in the appropriate calculation module, with working return links.
There is one reference module per calculation and one catch-all, while all
external excerpt PDFs stay in one portable References subfolder.
